I often get letters quite frequently
people say how they might be programs a
lot but I never give credit to the
almighty power that created nature to
which I know I reply and say well it's
funny that the people people when they
say that this is evidence of of Almighty
always quote beautiful things they
always caught orchids and hummingbirds
and butterflies and roses but I always
have to think too of a little boys
sitting on the banks of a river in West
Africa who has a worm boring through his
eyeball turning him blind before he is
five years old and I replied say well
presumably the God you speak about
created the worm as well and now I find
that laughing to credit a merciful God
that that action and therefore it seems
to me safer to show things that I know
to be truth
truthful and factual and allow people to
make up their own mind about the
morality z' of this thing or indeed the
the theology of this thing I mean we
made a film about chimps hunting monkeys
that was extraordinary and powerful and
alarming and dismaying thing
the dark one
the hunters are tearing it apart again
people say how can you put on such
savagery of a predator catching pay and
you are milking it for violence if they
saw what you put on the cutting room
floor of this animal in suffering I mean
it's a very narrow line you have to
tread you cannot in my view eliminated
entirely that is to sentimentalize and
to distort reality
you